README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/toolness/browserid-cors.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/toolness/browserid-cors)

This node module contains Express middleware for creating 
BrowserID-authenticated, CORS-enabled REST APIs.

The idea is that a static web page on any domain can send a BrowserID
assertion to any number of CORS REST endpoints and receive a token back,
which can be used for further authenticated access. The endpoints keep
track not only of the email address of the user, but also the origin
(e.g. `http://foo.com`) that is mediating interactions between the user
and the endpoint.

This software is still in an embryonic state. Use at your own risk.

For an example of this middleware in use, see [git-browserid-cors][].

## Example Scenario

For illustration, here's an example of a front-end at mysite.org
communicating with two unrelated APIs at comments.org and
favorites.org to provide backing services for the application:

<img src="http://u.toolness.org/eawjr">

The page at mysite.org might include the following JavaScript for 
logging the user in:

```javascript
var CommentsAPI = BrowserIDCORS("https://comments.org");
var FavoritesAPI = BrowserIDCORS("https://favorites.org");

navigator.id.get(function(assertion) {
  CommentsAPI.authorize(assertion, function(token) {
    /* Use token for future interactions w/ this API. */
  });
  FavoritesAPI.authorize(assertion, function(token) {
    /* Use token for future interactions w/ this API. */
  });
}
```

Note that the above snippet is pseudocode; no `BrowserIDCORS` constructor
actually exists (not yet, anyway).

## Quick Start

    git clone git://github.com/toolness/browserid-cors.git
    cd browserid-cors
    npm install
    npm test

  [git-browserid-cors]: https://github.com/toolness/git-browserid-cors

Commit message:

added links to manual test and browserid in readme.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/toolness/browserid-cors.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/toolness/browserid-cors)

This node module contains Express middleware for creating 
[BrowserID][]-authenticated, CORS-enabled REST APIs.

The idea is that a static web page on any domain can send a BrowserID
assertion to any number of CORS REST endpoints and receive a token back,
which can be used for further authenticated access. The endpoints keep
track not only of the email address of the user, but also the origin
(e.g. `http://foo.com`) that is mediating interactions between the user
and the endpoint.

This software is still in an embryonic state. Use at your own risk.

For an example of this middleware in use, see [git-browserid-cors][] or
the trivially simple [manual test][].

## Example Scenario

For illustration, here's an example of a front-end at mysite.org
communicating with two unrelated APIs at comments.org and
favorites.org to provide backing services for the application:

<img src="http://u.toolness.org/eawjr">

The page at mysite.org might include the following JavaScript for 
logging the user in:

```javascript
var CommentsAPI = BrowserIDCORS("https://comments.org");
var FavoritesAPI = BrowserIDCORS("https://favorites.org");

navigator.id.get(function(assertion) {
  CommentsAPI.authorize(assertion, function(token) {
    /* Use token for future interactions w/ this API. */
  });
  FavoritesAPI.authorize(assertion, function(token) {
    /* Use token for future interactions w/ this API. */
  });
}
```

Note that the above snippet is pseudocode; no `BrowserIDCORS` constructor
actually exists (not yet, anyway).

## Quick Start

    git clone git://github.com/toolness/browserid-cors.git
    cd browserid-cors
    npm install
    npm test

  [git-browserid-cors]: https://github.com/toolness/git-browserid-cors
  [manual test]: https://github.com/toolness/browserid-cors/tree/master/test/manual
  [BrowserID]: http://browserid.org
